Update README.md (#10)
braze-inc/in-app-message-templates: braze-templates/4-sms-capture-modal/README.md

* Supports multiple country codes and validation
* Sets a phone number to the current user

> * add "initialCountry: 'au'," as an argument to the intlTelInput javascript function to change the initial country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To set the initial country, add `initialCountry: 'au'` as an argument to the `intlTelInput`:
```
